hey it's rick here and today we're going
to take a look at the case-mate woods
now this is a case that's designed to
work on your iphone 5 and 5s it's going
to bring you about fifty dollars but
what we're talking about here is a case
that combines both some brushed aluminum
some other materials as well as some
genuine exotic hardwoods and in my
particular case I've got it in rosewood
but i will link in the description of
this video as to where you can pick it
up and you'll see all the different type
of material combinations that you can go
with here is the packing that it ships
in it is part of the case-mate crafted
collection and i want to give a big
thank you to case-mate for sending this
out for review as we take a look at this
this is a nice fitting case in the sense
that it splits apart like you see me
doing here and I call that out because
of a couple of reasons first off it's
going to work with screen shields pretty
well I've got a screen shield on mine
that is coming in at about 0.12
millimeters and there is no problem with
fit on this and it doesn't bubble it up
or anything like that so it is a nice
way to install a case right here where
my finger is this is a rubberized insert
so it's permanently in there it's glued
in there and it's good because not only
is it going to protect your phone when
it's in this case but if you drop this
case it's actually going to absorb some
shock or impact for you so this is how
we are going to install this case you
just push that kind of frame up and over
run your finger around the edges make
sure that it snaps all into place and
once you've done that we're in good
shape now what I want to show you here
when we talk about weight is how much
does this case way well I've already
weighed my iphone 5s and it's coming in
at about 4 ounces now when I put the
iphone 5s with the case on it's coming
in at about one ounce more so this case
will add about an ounce of weight to
your iPhone 5s so that's what we're
talking about there let's look at the
back of this case because it's really
really pretty as you take a look down
below you've got that bro
aluminum here is the rosewood in my
instance and that's all real exotic
hardwood and again I think part of the
weight is because of the real woods here
there's your camera cut out while it's
not lined with black there is no issue
with whiteout or wash out and photos or
videos when the LED flash is firing as
we take a look down below that's what
it's going to look like as well no
problem with sound coming out of the
speaker or mic pick up your lightning
connector I haven't run into a
compatibility issue there either
although I will say if you're trying to
dock it like this and you're probably
going to run a problem there now as we
take a look right along this side or
where your headphone connector is you
might run into an issue if you've got an
oversized connector but otherwise it's
going to serve you well this side we've
got our button coverage and they are
these kind of metallus eyes buttons so
it is a nice clean look your mute switch
is easy to get to no problems there and
up above your sleep awake is also
covered up these buttons are very
responsive so they have a nice tactile
feel to them and you still get that
clicky sound when you're pressing them
so they work really really well this
side all enclosed with some case-mate
branding and then up along the front you
definitely get some lay on the table
design with this and as I mentioned
screen shields should not be a problem
with this one because of the
installation method so face down on a
flat surface you've got no worries your
screen isn't touching the case actually
is so it's going to add some bulk as you
can see and as I mentioned you get about
an ounce of weight added to the overall
iphone 5s but it's a very clean look in
my opinion very sophisticated kind of
sleek and it's pretty nice as well it is
the woods by case-mate it's going to get
my four and a half out of five if you
guys have questions comments or feedback
as always please feel free to let me
know you can also hit me up on Twitter
at meta gamers and i'll catch you next
time take care everybody and have fun